README.md, before:

# Soulstone

A .NET collection of applications from 2008. For example the main front end application was done in Silverlight.


> In `original` branch you will find the original source code for this application. In `master` an upgraded, refactored version.

## Description 

The main goal was to learn Silverlight. The future of the web! at least at that moment according to Microsoft. Six years before the initial release of HTML5 which ended as the standard.

This solution is composed of several applications and a SQL Server database. A WPF searcher application which look for .mp3 files in the network and index them in the database and a Silverlight web application front end which allows you to search and play the files in a browser.

This project never left his Beta state. But I used it (along with some friends) in my workplace at that time. Also I had some fun and learning in the creation process.

## Screenshot

This screenshot is from 2009 :)

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mamcer/soulstone/master/doc/screenshot.png)

## Technologies

- Visual Studio 2008
- .NET Framework 3.5

Commit message:

Update readme, add html help

README.md, after:

# Soulstone

A .NET collection of applications from 2008. For example the main front end application was done in Silverlight.


> In `original` branch you will find the original source code for this application. In `master` an upgraded, refactored version.

## Description 

The main goal was to learn Silverlight. The future of the web! at least at that moment according to Microsoft. Six years before the initial release of HTML5 which ended as the standard.

This solution is composed of several applications and a SQL Server database. A WPF searcher application which look for .mp3 files in the network and index them in the database and a Silverlight web application front end which allows you to search and play the files in a browser.

This project never left his Beta state. But I used it (along with some friends) in my workplace at that time. Also I had some fun and learning in the creation process.

## Screenshot

This screenshot is from 2009 :)

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mamcer/soulstone/master/doc/screenshot.png)

It surprises me the time incurred in details like the xml code comments and then the generation of an html help built with [Sandcastle](https://github.com/EWSoftware/SHFB).

![help](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mamcer/soulstone/master/doc/soulstone-help.png)

## Technologies

- Visual Studio 2008
- .NET Framework 3.5
